docs(extra-files) add howto (#440)
nix-community/nixos-anywhere: docs/cli.md

* --stop-after-disko
  exit after disko formatting, you can then proceed to install manually or some other way
* --extra-files <path>

>   contents of local <path> are recursively copied and overwrites root (/) of the new NixOS installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contents of local <path> are recursively copied to the root (/) of the new NixOS installation. Existing files are overwritten
```
